okay so I'm back with another
interesting place by clap design and I'm
gonna show you how to edit this template
because everyone are going to encounter
some some issues with it small issues so
don't worry
so after you downloaded this zip file
right click on it go to WinRAR extract
here and you're going to extract the
default this folder here double click on
the folder double click on the zip
second folder and make sure you install
the cloud first and also check the links
in the description for the QuickTime
plug-in I use for the codecs and stuff
like that now you have to double click
on the template make sure you have Adobe
sheis cs6 and above because it's not
gonna work in all the versions I've
already opened my project in After
Effects so it's gonna look like this
when you open it also you're going to
have around here some
error message for a missing file don't
worry because nothing is missing
it's for the sound which is in included
in this one and you're gonna get this
project contains an expression error
here one by one and it's very easy to
fix and I'm going to show you how to do
it right now make sure you are in the
intro tab I love the template
composition double click on this
composition so you
scroll down to the red to click on it
and press you you're gonna you're gonna
have to expand it expand the transform
expand the position so you can see the
the expression for the position right
here and right here you have a slider
not object click on it and press you so
you can see the keyframes drag the
Pangolin to zero so you don't have any
issues and right here it is you see some
lines of code click on this this text
and click and drag only from this part
from this part to this one so this way
you're gonna change only this part of
the code so after you select you you
selected this text get the pick whip
click hold click and drag to the slider
here so this way this animation effects
this
disposition after you did this press
Enter or click away so you can make the
change close all these layers go to text
edit and here you have text layer that
you have to double click on it type in
your name
all right so I'm gonna drag the time
line somewhere where I can see it so
it's right here
and now you made all the major changes
and that's pretty much it that have to
look now on to the rendering part after
you change all the stuff in here go to
composition and ask to render queue as
you can see down here you enter the
template so click on lossless here so
you can change the format from avi
QuickTime also make sure all the
QuickTime login and on the format
options make sure that PNG and basic
video settings quality at 100 audio put
on auto or on click OK give it a name
right here so I mean feature in
like lab design I I suggest going in the
description and chicken check his pista
out because it's really good I really
liked it
I'm gonna save and now all you have to
do it's quick render I hope you guys
enjoyed this video I hope you liked the
intro template and hopefully I'm gonna
see you guys on the next one so bye